README.md, before:

Roshambo
========================

Roshambo is a full-stack web app, designed to be the premiere destination for high-stakes games of rock-paper-scissors. 

## Prerequisites

 - [Docker 19.03.5+ & docker-compose 1.24.1+](https://medium.com/@yutafujii_59175/a-complete-one-by-one-guide-to-install-docker-on-your-mac-os-using-homebrew-e818eb4cfc3)

## Live Site

Visit https://roshambo-ucla.herokuapp.com to play Roshambo today!

## Local Usage

1.  From the root of the repo, run `docker-compose build` to build the docker containers.
2. To run them, use `docker-compose up`.
2. From there, http://localhost:8000 will link to the API, and http://localhost:3000 will link to the frontend.
4. Refer to `docker-compose` documentation for further options, such as running in detached mode.

## Frontend Main Packages

1. `react-bootstrap` for the main frontend developement
2. `react-redux` for state management.
3. `formik` for user form constructions.
4. `font-awesome` for basic icons and logos on the website.
5. `yup` for user input validation.

## Backend Main Packages

1. `django` for the primary backend service.
2. `django rest framework` for RESTful resources.
3. `django channels` for matchmaking and websocket communications.

#### Running Commands within the Containers

For some purposes (such as creating a Django superuser temporarily), it's easiest to head into the Docker container's shell to perform actions. This is easy. Follow these steps:

1. After starting the containers via `docker-compose up`, run `docker ps` to see the name of the available containers. Roshambo's should be named `roshambo_backend` and `roshambo_frontend`.
2. Run `docker exec -it <mycontainer> bash` to obtain shell access to the container.
3. Voila.

## Cleanup

1.  To stop the containers:
    - If not detached: use `Ctrl+C` in the terminal window from which you ran `docker-compose up`
    - Whether detached or not: run `docker-compose down`.
2. To clean up the containers' associated volumes as well, run `docker-compose down -v`.
3. To do a full compose stack cleanup, destroying images, volumes and dangling stuff, run `docker-compose down -v --rmi all --remove-orphans`.
4. To completely clear everything Docker-related: `docker system prune`.
5. Consult the Docker documentation for further options beyond these.

## Tech Stack Description

Roshambo is built using Django and React. Django incorporates Django Channels, and the Django Rest Framework. React utilizes React Bootstrap. Refer to `backend/requirements.txt` for specific packages used in the backend, and to `package.json` for specific packages used in the frontend.

Commit message:

[readme] updates README to include the known issue with Stripe being run locally.

README.md, after:

Roshambo
========================

Roshambo is a full-stack web app, designed to be the premiere destination for high-stakes games of rock-paper-scissors. 

## Prerequisites

 - [Docker 19.03.5+ & docker-compose 1.24.1+](https://medium.com/@yutafujii_59175/a-complete-one-by-one-guide-to-install-docker-on-your-mac-os-using-homebrew-e818eb4cfc3)

## Live Site

Visit https://roshambo-ucla.herokuapp.com to play Roshambo today!

## Local Usage

1.  From the root of the repo, run `docker-compose build` to build the docker containers.
2. To run them, use `docker-compose up`.
2. From there, http://localhost:8000 will link to the API, and http://localhost:3000 will link to the frontend.
4. Refer to `docker-compose` documentation for further options, such as running in detached mode.

#### Running Commands within the Containers

For some purposes (such as creating a Django superuser temporarily), it's easiest to head into the Docker container's shell to perform actions. This is easy. Follow these steps:

1. After starting the containers via `docker-compose up`, run `docker ps` to see the name of the available containers. Roshambo's should be named `roshambo_backend` and `roshambo_frontend`.
2. Run `docker exec -it <mycontainer> bash` to obtain shell access to the container.
3. Voila.

## Cleanup

1.  To stop the containers:
    - If not detached: use `Ctrl+C` in the terminal window from which you ran `docker-compose up`
    - Whether detached or not: run `docker-compose down`.
2. To clean up the containers' associated volumes as well, run `docker-compose down -v`.
3. To do a full compose stack cleanup, destroying images, volumes and dangling stuff, run `docker-compose down -v --rmi all --remove-orphans`.
4. To completely clear everything Docker-related: `docker system prune`.
5. Consult the Docker documentation for further options beyond these.

## Known Issues

Out of the box, when run locally, Stripe purchases will not work - we can't commit real secrets! To test Stripe functionality, either visit the live Heroku-deployed app, or reach out to our team to get the Stripe secret key.

## Tech Stack Description

Roshambo is built using Django and React. Django incorporates Django Channels, and the Django Rest Framework. React utilizes React Bootstrap.

#### Frontend Main Packages

1. `react-bootstrap` for the main frontend developement
2. `react-redux` for state management.
3. `formik` for user form constructions.
4. `font-awesome` for basic icons and logos on the website.
5. `yup` for user input validation.

#### Backend Main Packages

1. `django` for the primary backend service.
2. `django rest framework` for RESTful resources.
3. `django channels` for matchmaking and websocket communications.

#### Summary

Refer to `backend/requirements.txt` for specific packages used in the backend, and to `frontend/package.json` for specific packages used in the frontend.
